[door opens]
[door closes]
Ah, well, you are really a peach,
you know that?
I mean, taking me
to Whole Foods and the art store.
Don't forget the transcendental
foot place. That was a necessary stop.
Wait till you try out
the neuropathy socks I got you.
Danger ahead: uncontrollable urge
to cha-cha-cha, pain-free, all night.
[sighs] Can I get you anything?
-How about your license?
-[laughs]
Oh, God, it's so good to laugh.
I-I've really missed your snappy wit.
Grace, that stare is filled with Phil.
I believe it's called rage.
If it's any consolation,
I've been awful with myself in my diary.
[laughs]
Your bullshit diary
where you write in the air?
[exhales] I'm just trying to help, Grace.
I'm trying to say I'm sorry.
I'm trying to cheer you up.
You know what would cheer me up?
Other people cheering me up.
All I see is you anymore,
in the house, in the car.
I lie down to close my eyes,
and all I see is your hair.
Well, I can't help
that I have memorable hair.
Well, I miss other hair on other friends
who don't ask me
about my feelings all the time.
I used to have friends.
We'd meet up for a fun lunch
or a fun drink,
and then you know what they'd do?
I'm guessing something fun.
They'd get in their own cars and drive
themselves away back to their own homes.
And where are these
independent drivers now?
We fell out of touch
after the whole Robert mess.
Wait. Wait a minute. What Robert mess?
Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I could go out and make new friends.
[sighs] But I don't know.
Who wants to start to build history
right before we're history?
-Didn't we do that?
-We had special circumstances.
Maybe I should call some of them.
Although, I don't know.
You know, it is a little weird
hanging out with a bunch of couples
when you're not a couple anymore.
-Do you want me to come?
-No. Besides, it's been a year.
Janet will pick up and say,
"Hello, Stranger."
How do you come back from that?
Do you want to talk about it?
No! I want to do something about it.
[sighs]
But, but I want you to know I hear you.
And don't worry about me
getting my license back.
[sighs]
Dear Diary:
Tomorrow I buckle down and hit the books.
Smiley-face. Winky-face.
Heart, heart, prayer hands.
Mm.
[reggae music playing]
[water bubbling]
[coughs]
[chuckles]
"What does this sign mean?"
What the hell?
Wait, that does look familiar.
Oh, that's why.
[mock echoing]
What do you mean-mean-mean?
-[laughs]
-[Grace] I can't wait.
Oh, it's gonna be so much fun
to see everyone again.
How about 12:30?
Terrific. I'll see you tomorrow, Janet.
[squeals] How great is this?
Is that a cha-cha?
It's those neuropathy socks, isn't it?
I was so nervous to call her,
my hands were shaking when I dialed.
-Oh, it's been so long.
-[laughing] Ah-ha-ha.
She couldn't have been lovelier.
Oh, that does not sound
like the Janet I know.
-Frankie...
-She breeds Pomeranians.
She has a Pomeranian.
She's coming to lunch tomorrow
with Mary and Arlene.
The whole country club crowd.
Don't start. They were my best friends.
Besides, you don't have to be around
to deal with them anyway.
Great. Do you know this sign means?
No... [mutters]
I am not being sucked into...
whatever this is.
-I'm studying for my driver's test.
-Really?
It looks more like a Jamaican séance.
Good band name: Jamaican Séance.
Yeah, I'll tell you a better band name:
"I'm Not Driving You Around Anymore
So You Really Should Take This Seriously."
-Oh, yeah, that'll catch on.
-Well, it better.
Your long Frankie nightmare
will be over tomorrow.
You're taking me to the DMV.
That's tomorrow? I have my lunch!
Oh, calm down. It's an early appointment.
[Jamaican accent] You'll be back
in plenty of time, man. [giggling]
-[bell dings]
-[woman] Now serving number A45.
-I'd like to appeal these results.
-Excuse me?
I'd like to speak to someone
who understands
the biased nature of standardized testing.
Or someone who will consider an essay
in lieu of multiple choice.
We don't have that person.
-All right, let me take it again.
-I can't do that.
You flunked three times.
You need to wait a week to retake it.
A week? Oh, look, there's a
very angry woman coming this way.
Don't pay any attention.
Just be cool and just follow my lead.
-Hey, girl.
-How'd you do?
-She flunked.
-Oh, God damn it.
-I thought we had a deal.
-You flunked again? Forty?
You got a 40?
You're going backwards!
Listen, I'm having some people over
to lunch in a half an hour--
-You can go. She's all done.
-Oh.
I have to come back
in a week to retake it.
-What?
-Let's just leave.
No. Uh-uh. Um, hi.
Hi.
[clears throat]
I'd like to introduce you to my friend,
President Andrew Jackson?
Ma'am, you know you can go to prison
for trying to bribe me.
And he's dead now. The president is dead.
I hope you're happy.
You know, this is not over between us.
-[bell dings]
-[indistinct office chatter]
Seven minutes. I've got seven minutes.
-I can do this in seven minutes.
-OK, I'll get outta here.
You're not going anywhere yet.
Well, not like I'm going far,
because I can't.
No, no, no.
You made me late. You need to help.
Go get the crab salad out of the fridge.
-Sir, yes, sir.
-And get the serving spoon.
-The one with the fleur-de-lis.
-Oh, you mean the French swastika?
Oh...
Does this look tasty.
-Don't mess the mound!
-Oh!
But, I'm starving.
I wasn't gonna put my fist in it.
Well, I was, but now I'm not.
You don't need a license
to take your noodles
and your peanut butter sandwich
up to your studio.
Oh, shit! I gotta go.
No, wait, wait, wait.
Say "hi" and then be on your way.
And lose the dick.
Oh, look at you, Janet. Oh...
Mm.
-Oh, and you brought Ann-Margret.
-Ann's dead. This is Jackie O.
Oh. All she needs
is an over-sized pair of sunglasses.
-She's got 'em.
-[Grace] Oh, Arlene.
Oh, careful. New hip.
-[laughing]
-Oh.
Mary, I almost forgot
what an infectious laugh you have.
[laughs]
I feel infected already.
Frankie's here. We were hoping to see you.
I never want to disappoint my fans,
however--
One should always leave the audience
wanting more.
Oh, can't you join us for a little lunch?
You know, if the Meals On Wheels people
catch me eating lunch
they'll stop coming by.
[laughs]
Well, come on, stay.
I mean, we're so curious
about how you two are getting on.
And we want to hear
all about your new single lives.
Oh, I don't think you do, Janet.
Sometimes it really sucks the big--
Everybody grab a seat in the dining room
and I'll get us some wine.
Frankie, would you come help?
No, I won't help you.
I'll be eating a sandwich up in my studio.
Why should I be your waitress?
You'll be my bus-girl. Meaning you'll
ride the bus all week if you don't.
[softly] Besides, it'll look too weird.
Like you can't stand them or something.
Yeah, I'd hate for them
to get the right idea.
Just put a lid on it.
Don't be too... you-ish.
-Jewish?
-You.
No railing against country clubs,
don't reference your manifesto,
and for God's sakes
don't talk about the BP oil spill
and what it can do to a crab salad.
[classical music playing]
Any trouble finding the place, Arlene?
No.
-Did I ask you that already?
-Yes.
Oh. I'm sorry. I meant to ask Mary.
[chuckles]
Mary? Any trouble finding the place?
We carpooled.
In Janet's car.
Jesus.
Look, can I just say how sorry I am
that I haven't been more in touch?
-I feel terrible about it.
-Oh, water under the bridge.
-Oh, don't give it a second thought.
-We could've done better, too.
No, no, I get it.
It's hard in these situations.
I was a wreck.
Last year after everything that happened
with Robert, I was... [sighs]
Well,
you find out your husband of 40 years
is having an affair with another man?
You start asking yourself
some very hard questions about
what makes you happy,
about all the lies you tell yourself.
You should hear all the lies I tell myself
about all the lies I tell myself.
Well, that's all behind you.
And everyone should look as good as you
coming off the year you've had.
-Really, how do you do it?
-Have you guys looked at her plate?
I get a lot of help from my two Italian
nutritionists... Martini and Rossi.
[laughter]
Oh, I've missed you guys.
We've missed you.
-Hasn't been the same.
-So much.
-Who's up for more wine?
-Who isn't?
-Oh!
-[laughter]
[Janet] Oh, that was...
that was unbelievable.
No, but, Mary, you're thinking
about the time we were in Cancún.
-This was the trip to Puerto Vallarta.
-She always confuses our trips.
[laughter]
[mocks laugh]
And Frankie, the hurricane
wasn't even the best part of it.
The best part was on the beach
the one day the sun came out.
Robert decides to order us all
prickly pear margaritas
-in his "perfect Spanish."
-[gasps] I remember this.
Anyway, he orders from this guy
on the beach,
five minutes later the guy comes back
with a sock full of cocaine.
-[Arlene] Cocaine!
-[Mary laughing]
That's a good band name:
Sock Full of Cocaine.
How we're not all in a Mexican prison
I'll never understand.
[laughs]
Oh, Grace, you remember when, uh, Sonny
tried to roll Robert down the lane?
[laughing] Oh, yes. It's the only time
I ever got kicked out of a bowling alley.
-You bowled? In an alley?
-Uh-huh.
Well, I tried.
-I was always jealous of your form.
-Do y'all still do that?
-Oh, we do.
-Mm-hmm.
Grace, you should
come play with us next Friday.
That's so nice. Oh, I'll have to
dust off my old pink ball.
Oh, no. We don't use balls anymore.
[video game music playing]
Is this what it's come to? Is this
what sports are now for old people?
Oh, damn it! See, it's all in the timing.
Did your grandson give you any pointers
when you stole his game?
Shh. I grabbed it before he woke up.
-[audience on game] Aw.
-Oh!
Frankie, you're crowding
my follow-through!
-Why are you screaming?
-I'm not screaming,
I'm getting in shape
to have fun with my friends.
Fine, fine.
Whatever you need to do to get back in
with Puss Face and the gang.
Now what is that supposed to mean?
I caught a puss face from Janet
during the lunch.
No, that's Janet's face. We don't
talk about it, but that's her face.
Well, we got extra puss face
when you started talking about Robert.
Well, maybe the puss face was for you.
You think they didn't hear
all your sideline potshots?
I don't know that they heard all of them.
They couldn't have been nicer to you.
You know what this means to me?
Yes, old friends equal fun.
That's right. Do you remember
the last time I had fun?
Heh. Me neither.
All right, all right. They're your
friends. I'll just have to adapt.
But I'm not getting a Pomeranian.
Well, that's good, because
I'm not driving you to the pet store.
Fine.
I will need one last lift
to the DMV on Friday.
Friday is bowling day.
Can't you ask one of your kids
to take you?
I mean, don't they owe it
for all the years
that you drove Bud to his flute lessons
and Coyote... also to his flute lessons?
Sol usually drove them so that
he could go to his flute lesson.
Well, tell Bud and Coyote
they're on chauffeur duty from now on.
-Yeah! That's the sugar mama likes!
-[audience on game applauds]
OK, OK. Let's do another.
But I'm gonna get this one.
OK. All right. Here we go. Ready?
-Mm-hm.
-"With a Class C license
-a person may drive--"
-Yes.
-Can you be more specific?
-A motorcycle.
No, it's a three-axle vehicle
-weighing less than 6,000 pounds.
-How would I know that?
I haven't driven a semi in years.
Well, you had this last night. Remember?
All right. You know, let-let's do
road signs. You want to do road signs?
OK. All right.
Horse? Horse crossing?
No. No. No, the horse is the one
with the horse on it.
-See?
-Damn it.
Hill? Helipad? Hoagies.
Hoagies? Really, Mom?
The street sign is telling you
where to find a large sandwich?
If it's not hoagies,
I've got an idea for an app.
Oh. "Hospital"? Damn it.
You had that 20 minutes ago.
-I did? [scoffs]
-Yeah.
Gobble, gobble, gobble!
That's a turkey, sucker! Whoo!
Three strikes in a row! [cackles]
How am I supposed to concentrate
with that going on?
It's like living with
an alcoholic Midwestern dad.
[Grace] When's dinner?
You know, you want to take a little break?
Mmm.
Clear your head out for a little bit.
All right? Here, study these.
I'll be right back.
[video game music playing, chimes]
[audience on game] Aw.
Didn't you grow up playing video games?
Where's my competition?
Going to the other room to do... not this.
You play like an Amish kid. [laughs]
[clears throat]
Hey, we need to talk.
Mom is really having trouble
remembering things.
Whoa. So, what you're saying is,
Mom is... Mom?
No, this is more than typical Mom stuff.
I think she's starting
to have a real problem.
Like maybe she shouldn't be driving.
Well, I mean, we've always thought that.
Remember what she used to say
-when she would drive into the hedges?
-[both laugh]
[both] Shit, fuck. Fuck, shit. Fuck, nuts.
[both laugh]
Oh. Are you sure you're not overreacting?
Look, she's already failed the test
three times.
She's studying like it's the bar exam,
but she's not retaining anything.
It's bad.
We should have a talk with her.
It puts a pit in my stomach,
but I hear you.
Yeah, I'm really worried.
[Frankie] What are you worried about?
-I'm just saying...
-[Frankie] Mm-hm.
...that we were studying
and you were doing pretty well, OK?
And then you took the test
and it was like you never studied.
Have you been forgetting
anything else lately?
No, I'm not like what's-her-name
in that movie with that guy.
You know, the redhead?
Maybe it's time
we think of some alternatives.
-To what?
-We just want you to be safe.
-And others to be safe, too.
-Hold on. Wait a minute.
You want me to stop driving.
Are we really having this conversation?
We're bringing it up because we love you.
And it could be a good thing, Mom.
You don't even like driving.
And there's Uber now,
and everyone delivers.
Maybe, maybe we could hire
a nice college student
who's interested in performance art
to drive you around.
-Huh?
-Yeah. Yeah.
And think of the environmental
contribution you'd be making.
Uh-oh. Carbon footprint.
So you want me to hand over my keys
and live the rest of my life as a shut-in.
[both] No. No.
Oh, right, I could take a cab
to Applebee's,
stockpile ketchup packets
like Aunt Dotty!
Why don't you just put me in a home
where they have shuttle buses
to drive you around?
-Mom, nobody's putting you in a home.
-Come on.
No, you're just locking me up
and keeping me in this one.
And you, of all people, would know
what it's like not to have a license.
If I try to ride a bike, I'm one
speed bump away from a-a titanium hip.
-Mom--
-I can't believe what I'm hearing.
-Let's just take a breath.
-Oh, fuck your "take a breath."
Grace is off with her fancy friends. And
you two Judases have sold me up the river.
I think you should go.
-You're kicking us out?
-What?
That's exactly what I'm doing.
Wait, are you hungry?
Let me get you a little something.
But then get the hell out of my house.
Oh, my God.
Oh, I gotta do something about this.
-Where are the guys?
-[Frankie] I kicked 'em out.
After I gave them lasagna.
I thought you wouldn't eat it.
But if you're trying to fill out
that bowling shirt...
Yeah. What are you doing?
I'm whittling.
-Isn't that what old people do?
-Old frontier people.
I can make you a stick with a point.
Would you like that?
No, thanks.
You know,
they-they think I'm losing my memory.
Maybe they're right. I've taken that test
about a million times.
Why can't I pass it?
Maybe Bud and Coyote
are just being overprotective.
Or maybe they think my mind is going.
Well, it could be
wandering the perimeter.
I can't believe this is happening now.
Just when my life is opening up again.
Oh, look, our brains
are getting a little older,
and it takes longer
for things to sink in.
You just have to be a little
more patient with yourself.
And stop doing this.
Did you ever consider
there may be a connection
between your memory problems
and all the pot?
I wasn't high when I took the test.
No, but you were high when you studied.
[reggae music playing]
[water bubbling]
What do you think? Hmm?
I don't get you, man.
[chuckles]
What the hell are you doing?
Aren't Coyote and Bud supposed to
pick you up for your test in ten minutes?
I could not ask them to leave work.
So I'm gonna take my first Uber.
Oh, you mean not counting the time
you jumped out of the car
because you thought
the driver was Roy Orbison?
-Roy Orbison is blind.
-He's not blind, he's dead.
Who wants a dead man driving?
The fact is, this is the day
of looking the beast straight in the eye.
And I'm gonna pass this sucker,
thanks to your sage advice.
I told you to get off the pot.
I know. I listened
and did the exact opposite.
I remembered a class I took at Berkeley
on how we learn.
-You went to Berkeley?
-Half a semester.
I fell in love with a Black Panther.
Anyways,
there's this theory
that the best way to pass a test
is by recreating the exact state
you were in when you studied for it.
-It's called "state-dependent learning."
-Get to the point.
This is how I studied for that first test.
PJs, Rasta beanie and a bong.
But I did not recreate it at the DMV,
so, of course, I was all thrown off.
You're gonna bring a bong to the DMV?
No. That would be ridiculous.
I'm gonna sneak in a little vape.
[indistinct chatter]
[sighs]
-Hey, Gracie-Mae!
-Look who's here!
-[laughter]
-Hi, guys. Hi.
-It's good to see you.
-Oh, it's so good to see you.
-Oh, I'm really happy you're here.
-Thanks.
-How about this for a set-up, huh?
-[Grace] It's amazing.
But don't you miss
the balls and the blowers?
Grace loves the balls and blowers.
-Oh.
-[laughter]
So bad. Get your mind out of the gutter.
[laughter]
-She got you.
-How do you deal with these guys?
We try not to.
Let's get you a drink.
[in Jamaican accent]
I told you I'd be back, man.
Do you live in the Walgreens parking lot?
No, but I know who you're talking about
and that chick is weird.
[cheering]
Oh, we got a ringer!
Ha!
-We are so lucky to have you back.
-Well, it's great to be back.
Somebody has to teach Bob
how to do a high-five.
Even though I am annoyed
at the fit of your shirt
while we're all in circus tents.
[laughs]
So listen. This is big.
[gasps] We've been talking about this
ever since we saw you.
-Jerry Weisczak left Gloria.
-Oh, no. What happened?
Oh, it depends on who you ask. I mean,
he wasn't happy, she's never been happy.
Hard to tell if it was the depression
or the pills.
I got depressed so I could take pills.
Oh, she must be devastated. Is she OK?
Oh, it was a lot of drama.
I always say if you've got ugliness
going on, don't lay it on everyone else.
Deal with it like you would a face-lift.
You know, get out of town
until you're all healed up,
come back fresh and ready to play.
Well, you get it.
The point of all this
is Jerry is single now.
Wait. What are you-- What?
He's been asking about you.
No. I don't think so.
Gloria's a friend of mine.
-[scoffs] Just think about it.
-He likes you.
-He's done very well.
-Mm-hmm.
[sighs]
[Frankie giggling]
C: Stop sign. [laughs]
Aha.
D: Pass on the left.
D: Four lane intersection.
[laughs]
Eat that, Coyote!
That's a funny name to name a baby.
-Here you go.
-Now, don't get excited.
-OK.
-Look who just walked in.
-[Bob] Hey! Jerry!
-[man] Hi, Jerry. Come on.
-Hey!
-[men] Come on!
We didn't want to spring it on you,
but then we thought...
-Maybe we should spring it on you.
-You know, I really don't think that--
Say hello. What's the harm?
Don't forget, Jerry lives right around
the corner from us. How fun would that be?
I get what you're trying to do.
I don't really feel comfortable with this.
Oh, but you must be dying living
out there alone at the beach with Frankie.
I swear, at lunch, I thought a bird
was gonna come flying out
of that hair of hers.
Do you remember, she used to protest
outside my mani-pedi place.
Well, she's very pro-union.
Look, I-I know she's a little unusual...
but we've both been put through
the same wringer.
That's what I told Bob.
"They're living together because
who else could understand that situation?"
But you're past all that now.
Honey, she's holding you back.
-Nobody wants to be around her.
-No. Just a second--
Oh, come on, you've been saying
she drives you crazy for years.
Well, she did. And she does.
But this year,
she's also been there for me.
In a very real way.
Well, are you seriously gonna waste
the rest of your life
being roommates with that hippie nutbag?
Were you always this nasty?
[scoffs] I shoot from the hip,
you know that about me.
-You were worse than I was.
-Well, things have changed.
You've changed.
Thank you. That's the nicest thing
you've said all day.
All right, this has gotten
way out of hand.
Grace, it's your turn.
Why don't we just forget
about all this and have fun?
Sure.
Because that's what we do here, right?
Grace, where you going?
You know what?
I think I prefer bowling with real balls.
Hey, what are you doing here?
When the DMV is more fun
than bowling with old friends,
-you know it wasn't the best time.
-You want to talk about it?
I love you for that question,
but no, thanks. Not right now.
I have something that might cheer you up.
Ta-da.
-Ta... da.
-You passed?
Baby, I'm back in business.
-Oh, my God. I am so happy.
-And it's good for five years
so I still have plenty of time
to lose my mind.
Listen, I'll tell you
when you're losing your mind.
And when I tell you,
you'll know it's true.
And I will do the same for you.
No, thank you. Wait a minute.
Why does it say restricted?
Oh, I-I passed the written test,
but my eyes are... meh.
So no nighttime driving, no freeways.
Oh, great, so you have half a license
and I have no friends.
[Frankie] Or, I have more license
than I had yesterday
and you might have a new best friend.
-[Grace] Stop.
-I mean it.
-[Grace] So do I.
-Best friends!
[Grace] Kill me now.
[Frankie] Are you gonna drive?
[Grace] Do I have a choice?
The sun's going down.